#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.6
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.ini
#
certifi==2022.6.15
    # via requests
charset-normalizer==2.0.12
    # via requests
click==8.0.4
    # via sacremoses
configparser==5.2.0
    # via -r requirements.ini
cycler==0.11.0
    # via matplotlib
dataclasses==0.8
    # via
    #   torch
    #   transformers
filelock==3.4.1
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   transformers
huggingface-hub==0.4.0
    # via transformers
idna==3.3
    # via requests
importlib-metadata==4.8.3
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   transformers
importlib-resources==5.4.0
    # via tqdm
joblib==1.1.0
    # via
    #   sacremoses
    #   scikit-learn
kiwisolver==1.3.1
    # via matplotlib
matplotlib==3.3.4
    # via seaborn
numpy==1.19.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.ini
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   seaborn
    #   transformers
packaging==21.3
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   transformers
pandas==1.1.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.ini
    #   seaborn
pillow==8.4.0
    # via matplotlib
pyparsing==3.0.9
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   packaging
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
pytz==2022.1
    # via pandas
pyyaml==6.0
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   transformers
regex==2022.7.25
    # via
    #   sacremoses
    #   transformers
requests==2.27.1
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   transformers
sacremoses==0.0.53
    # via transformers
scikit-learn==0.24.2
    # via -r requirements.ini
scipy==1.5.4
    # via
    #   scikit-learn
    #   seaborn
seaborn==0.11.2
    # via -r requirements.ini
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   python-dateutil
    #   sacremoses
threadpoolctl==3.1.0
    # via scikit-learn
tokenizers==0.12.1
    # via transformers
torch==1.10.2
    # via -r requirements.ini
tqdm==4.64.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.ini
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   sacremoses
    #   transformers
transformers==4.18.0
    # via -r requirements.ini
typing-extensions==4.1.1
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   importlib-metadata
    #   torch
urllib3==1.26.11
    # via requests
zipp==3.6.0
    # via
    #   importlib-metadata
    #   importlib-resources
